1. Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. — Helen Keller

2. “Don’t forget who you are and where you came from. Don’t get too emotional over little things. Don’t. Quit until you win the grand prize.” — Robert Randle

3. “You can either be crushed by a horrific event and lose your sanity, your family and your life. Or, you can take this pain that was thrust upon you, to propel into greatness. You can make it through this. I know it’s hard.” — Marie White

4. “You can do things today that shape your unknown future. Make every day the time when you turn what you don’t know into what would like to happen.” — Michael Nulty


5. “The epic story of tomorrow can’t be written if it ends today.” — Unknown 

6. “Soak up the views. Take in the bad weather and the good weather. You are not the storm.” — Matt Haig

7. “Suicide is not an answer, it’s destruction.” — Al Green

8. “When you feel like giving up, just remember the reason why you held on for so long.” — Hayley Williams

9. “The key to getting beyond your struggles is making choices that invite new possibilities—new ways of thinking, feeling, behaving, and living your life for the better.” — Michael Nulty

10. “To write poetry and to commit suicide, apparently so contradictory, had really been the same, attempts at escape.” — John Fowles

11. “Think of all the beauty that’s still left in and around you and be happy!” — Anne Frank

12. “When you don’t have the strength to take another step, ask those you love to pull you.” — Unknown

13. “Never let a stumble in the road be the end of the journey.” — Unknown

14. “Suicide is a serious thing. And if you know anyone who is suicidal, you need to get them help. No one should be in pain. Everyone should love themselves.” — Gerard Way

15. “Suicide doesn’t solve your problems. It only makes them infinitely, un-countably worse.” — Sinead O’Connor

16. “Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.” — Seneca

17. “The most beautiful rocks are those that have weathered the storm.” — Unknown

18. “Don’t give up. You’ve still got a couple of people to prove wrong.” — Unknown

19. “There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn’t.” — John Green

20. “Nothing in my life has ever made me want to commit suicide more than people’s reaction to my trying to commit suicide.” — Emilie Autumn

21. “If you’re going through hell, keep going.” — Winston Churchill

22. “When the weight of the world is holding you down, remember the courage to keep fighting is what got you this far.” — Unknown

23. “They can’t rescue you if they don’t know you need it. Ask for help to fight another day.” — Unknown

24. “That’s the thing about suicide. Try as you might to remember how a person lived his life, you always end up thinking about how he ended it.” — Anderson Cooper

25. “This life. This night. Your story. Your pain. Your hope. It matters. All of it matters.” — Jamie Tworkowski

26. “The real reason for not committing suicide is because you always know how swell life gets again after the hell is over.” — Ernest Hemingway

27. “It isn’t weak to ask for help. It’s like using a flashlight when you’re lost in the dark.” — Unknown

28. “Sometimes the best thing you can do is not thinking, not wondering, not imagining, not obsessing and just breathing. Have faith that everything will work out for the best.” — Unknown

29. “Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, ‘I will try again tomorrow.’” —Maru Anne Radmacher

30. “One of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks.” — Jack Penn

31. “When the weight of the world is holding you down, remember the courage to keep fighting is what got you this far.” — Unknown

32. “Every flower must grow through dirt.” — Unknown

33. “If you want to show me that you really love me, don’t say that you would die for me, instead stay alive for me.” — Unknown

34. “The great thing about suicide is that it’s not one of those things you have to do now or you lose your chance. I mean, you can always do it later.” — Harvey Fierstein

35. “The pain passes, but the beauty remains.” —Pierre August Renoir

36. “It isn’t weak to ask for help. It’s like using a flashlight when you’re lost in the dark.” — Unknown

37. “Life has its ups and downs. Keep on swinging.” — Unknown

38. “Because if you kill yourself, you’re also going to kill the people who love you.” — Unknown

39. “Hope is a necessity for normal life and the major weapon against the suicide impulse.” – Karl A. Menninger

40. “If your heart is still beating, God is not done with you yet.” — Dillion Burroughs

41. “You’ve fought through too many yesterdays to not see the beauty of tomorrow.” — Unknown

42. “If you’re looking for a sign not to kill yourself tonight, this is it.” — Unknown

43. “Did you really want to die? No one commits suicide because they want to die. Then why do they do it? Because they want to stop the pain.” — Tiffanie DeBartolo

44. “Suicide. A sideways word, a word that people whisper and mutter and cough: a word that must be squeezed out behind cupped palms or murmured behind closed doors. It was only in dreams that I heard the word shouted, screamed.” — Lauren Oliver


45. “Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start now and make a brand new ending.” — Carl Bard

46. “When your heart is empty, find something you love to fill it up.” — Unknown 

47. “When things are tough, you must be tougher. Show them that your life can be better. Prove them wrong.” — Unknown

48.“There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that… But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.” — Gerard Way

49. “On average, since the urge to kill myself isn’t so strong that I actually kill myself, the world is worth living in.” — Tao Lin

50. “Suicide is not a remedy.” — James A. Garfield

51. “This world is more beautiful with you in it. ”— Unknown

52. “The coward sneaks to death; the brave live on.”— Unknown

53.  “When you are tempted to give up, your breakthrough is probably just around the corner.” — Joyce Meyer

54. “Never never never give up.” – Winston Churchill

55. “Grit your teeth and let it hurt. Don’t deny it, don’t be overwhelmed by it. It will not last forever.” — Harold Kushner

56. “Choosing to live is never easy, but it’s always worth it.”— Unknown 

57. “You have to know the darkness before you can appreciate the light. You were given this life because you were strong enough to live it.”— Unknown

58. “The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.” —Voltaire

59. “Anyone desperate enough for suicide should be desperate enough to go to creative extremes to solve problems: elope at midnight, stow away on the boat to New Zealand and start over, do what they always wanted to do but were afraid to try.” — Richard Bach

60. “When it is darkest, we can see the stars.”— Ralph Waldo Emerson

61. “Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.” – Harriet Beecher Stowe

62. “Have the strength to find a reason to live.” — Unknown

63. “Be like the lotus, we too must rise from the mud, bloom out of the darkness and radiate into the world.” — Unknown

64. “You matter more than you’ll ever know.” — Unknown


65. “But in the end, one needs more courage to live than to kill himself.” — Albert Camus

66.  “We cannot tear out a single page of our life, but we can throw the whole book in the fire.” — George Sand

67. “There are far, far better things ahead than anything we leave behind.” — CS Lewis

68. “Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.” — Christian D. Larson

69. “It is far better to dance in the rain than to let it drown you.” — Unknown

70. “Sometimes life pushes us to our limits, it tests us beyond our endurance, because God only gives his toughest battles to his strongest soldiers.” — Unknown

71. “I hope you live a life you are proud of. If you find that you are not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.” — F. Scott Fitzgerald

72. “Some people suffer in silence, pain in the hearts but smiles on their faces.” ― Isha Barlas

73. “To anyone out there who’s hurting — it’s not a sign of weakness to ask for help. It’s a sign of strength.” — Barack Obama

74. “Suicide is the last attempt of re-emergence of the will of life.” ― Lamine Pearlheart

75. “Your life is not over. Your life is important. Don’t take your beauty from the world.” — Unknown

76. “There is no greater strength than choosing to live.” — Unknown

77. “Tough times don’t last, tough people do. Everybody wants to be a diamond, the more it is cut, the brighter it sparkles. Remember, diamonds are created under pressure from dirty coal.” — Unknown

78. “The harder the journey the more glorious the victory.” — Melissa Dohme

79. “It’s not about battling your past, but fighting for your future.” — Jazz Thornton

80.  “It’s so hard to talk when you want to kill yourself. That’s above and beyond everything else, and it’s not a mental complaint—it’s a physical thing, like it’s physically hard to open your mouth and make the words come out. They don’t come out smooth and in conjunction with your brain the way normal people’s words do; they come out in chunks as if from a crushed-ice dispenser; you stumble on them as they gather behind your lower lip. So you just keep quiet.” — Ned Vizzini

81. “Suicide doesn’t end the chances of life getting worse, it eliminates the possibility of it ever getting any better.” — Unknown

82. “All things are difficult before they are easy.” — Thomas Fuller

83. “There is no greater strength than choosing to live.”— Unknown

84. “Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly. The moment you’re ready to quit is usually the moment right before a miracle happens. Don’t give up.”— Unknown


85. “If the meaning of your life is lost, ask for help finding it.”— Unknown

86. “Before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness.”— Unknown

87. “When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.” — Franklin D. Roosevelt

88. “We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.” — Carlos Castaneda

89. “Everybody wants happiness, nobody wants pain. You can’t have a rainbow without the rain.”— Unknown 

90. “If your brain is telling you to give up, just breathe. With one breath comes the next. Use that to get you to tomorrow.”- Unknown

91. “If someone listens, or stretches out a hand, or whispers a word of encouragement, or attempts to understand a lonely person, extraordinary things begin to happen.” – Loretta Girzartis

92. “Place your hand over your heart, can you feel it? That is called purpose. You’re alive for a reason so don’t ever give up.”— Unknown

93. “When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.” – Harriet Beecher Stowe

94. “They would rather have you messy and alive than not there at all.”— Jazz Thornton

95. “You may not understand today or tomorrow, but eventually God will reveal why you went through everything you did.”— Unknown

96. “The bravest thing I ever did was continuing my life when I wanted to die.”— Juliette Lewis 

97. “Everybody goes through difficult times, but it is those who push through those difficult times who will eventually become successful in life. Don’t give up, because this too shall pass.”— Jeanette Coron

98. “Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.” – Phil Donahue

99. “When you twist the roots of your life with others, it’s easier to weather the storm.”— Unknown

100. “There is beauty in the journey, regardless of the outcome. Let’s grieve and hope and fight together.” — Marie White